So it is the application we built in this module.
Now it's working fine but it's working fine because of our extra Yes compact.
Now let's get rid of that.
Let's stop our server and let's also install there with NPM uninstalled dash dash save our x yes compact
so this will now really get rid of this package or remove it from our node modules folder so that really
isn't available anymore.
Now once it is completed if we now try to run ngi serve you will see that it will actually fail.
It will start building bad.
We got an error.
Now we can fix this.
We can use our ex-chief as Version 6 without that extra package for it as we just need to adjust our
imports and we have to keep this in mind for the rest of the course because these imports always have
to be adjusted as seen.
Well now in the user service for example where we import subject from our exchange subject we import
subject from just our.
Yes that's all you omit.
Slash subject.
Now in our home component where we import a couple of things from our exchange packages we import observable
from our exchange as we import our observer from our exchanges and we import subscription from our exchanges.
We can also get rid of these two lines set forth.
So the general idea is you always remove the slash something ofter our exchanges and import it directly
from our exchanges and you do this for the entire course of course.
Now regarding this second imports where we unlocked the operators we actually also have to change this
there.
We clearly specify which operator we want to import like map and we do it as from our exchange as Slash
operators.
Now now with this important we also have to change the way we call this operator.
We don't call map directly on the observable.
Instead we use a special Meffert the pipe method and we pass map just like that into pipe.
So the map function with its argument is passed into pipe just like that.
And you do does with any operator you use.
So the pipe simply allows you to pipe multiple operators.
Now when everything we have to do is the interval method and this is really only important for this
module because we never use it again in this course you rarely create observables yourself but the interval
Meffert also is simply directly imported from our X-Trace.
So we import interval here and we can omit absorbable therefore.
Now with that if we save does all we can restart and serve.
And now it should actually compile successfully.
So as you see there's no works.
And if we reload Yapp we see the logs as before.
So now we're using our exchange 6 only.
And as you see the upgrade was as simple as using pipe for operators and in general adjusting the imports.
Keep this in mind for the rest of the course.
If you don't want to use t r x yes compact package does the only adjustment which is needed.
And with that you should be fine.